alright just got the brake set up some
people just roll so it's right at and
almost moon I'm gonna start off with
Chris this is going to get one of these
2012 Bowman signature and top box of
elite box number 11 or about one there
we go you love it and bonus signature
from a new case killer all right Krista
will open the case man and roll them die
all right we have 126 on the left seven
to 12 on the right over them 11 I'll be
this one since I'm numbers i forget
already you got box number 54 and the
remaining ones 35 5150 33-36 5334 up to
48 49 and 50
alright i guess in the price that i have
to be it at eye doctor appointment to
today and then i'll come back long as i
can see I can't see I can't come back
empty empty empty all right here we get
this 2012 elite football we have 999
LaVon Brazill die-cut gold number 2 85
Vernon Davis jersey number room
999 around training
699 jeff fuller autograph hitless London
Fletcher no no no
movies
Jersey Lamar Miller new breed 399
prime numbers Aaron Rodgers 99
just basing on
games
these acetate 399 mark barron
days die-cut numbered only 17 Vincent
Jackson cool base in sir justin blackmon
999 some inscriptions green got on
nicktoons are so hard to see some of
these uh so you see it on the back of my
hand there we go Nicktoons inscriptions
green version are the greenie 999 mychal
kendricks
799 Doug Martin
a jersey of Brian Earl assure or
Urlacher 299 and elite series Arian
Foster 999 recap this and then we'll do
the Bowman we have Vernon Davis number 2
85 Vincent Jackson die-cut a 17 Jeff
Fuller autograph of an acetate to 399
not sure why that's in there Brian
Urlacher jersey Nicktoons inscriptions
with the green ink just hard to see here
but easy to easily you can see in person
and Lamar Miller jersey all right we
have Jarius Wright on cart agra not
number i can say some of these are short
printed they have a list out there
securing or even some of the base i
think are you got a one on one and it is
dan boom herron them 101 printing plate
there we go 101 that's the cyan and you
have ryan broyles autograph
you know jor-el Robinson Joe Adams
rookie Agra Andrew block brookie okay
Michael Brockers then we have Chandler
Harnish and a ryan lindley about Lindsay
Lindley Casey Keenum autograph ty Hilton
and the last will be Robert Griffin and
Andrew Luck duel insert Eric Decker and
got to vikings Matt Kalil thought it
should be a car behind that nope Matt
Kalil our graph so that'll do it Chris I
appreciate ur I will get it packaged and
out later today